I'm trying I'm trying it I make my mom
take a shot of tequila before we know
have you guys that are very young right
that need to be given guidance right
where I cannot talk about tequila okay
drink when you're of age and tequila in
the great at aged tequila Mockingbird
there you go and let's face it look into
the camera yeah don't mess over you know
over there don't that's you that's me
I didn't miss the camera and you're here
right right this is the matrix dermis
yeah I feel like if it happened down to
some thought I never get to see my
daughter I never get to see your ID I
ever be one of the reviews rave Sunday
on your nose think only a daughter would
do that for a moment.we thank you so
much you got it was great it may be the
sweetest bitch right now she knows how
to girl you're sitting let's get this
started
you guys don't know okay do you think so
you guys make fun of her teammates yeah
Laurie I want a kitchen Lee family we
didn't go to the dentist and do not mean
to apologize you have these troll dolls
that live in their parents basements and
eat Pizza Hut pizza every Friday Sunday
okay sorry but they are my original
teeth so for the three cups I have
Annabeth if you guys couldn't tell why
now this is my mother Linda wait okay
stop get over it like you said I'm
wearing awful shit I get ruffled easily
I'm giving you tough love right now
oh really yeah get over it Sammy so my
daughter purpose
Christmas okay okay so okay waiting to
see her so this brings me to my point
I want all you good people who love me
even the people that's all of my cheese
good deal of still please let's do
operation come home grace
attention my blob I'm out of here
everybody what I want my daughter come
on a little bit just to come home a
little bit and see her mama my mama she
love her mama be yours ever touching the
bog right now
she's sabotaging my bot you had a 200
Carmelites now the top you had a 2 hour
car ride that you schemed this up in the
entire town oh no no it's giving this
for a long time guys wrong with that
tell me I asked you what is wrong with
grace coming home oh okay you got
Italian
you make me switch nationalities to get
my point across I'll British god save
the queen are you dying so do what you
need to do right your nice little
comments that would be great news you
can convince her that when she gets back
from her travels she'll come and see her
mom who loves him so much nothing
wait that's what was just even supposed
to be about
I don't recall your Hudson Annika see
two new no good don't do that don't give
that into something weird so I had a
different idea for this vlog than that
so let's move on to that thang
I will try my best it might not be the
best but it's my best that's all I can
say for you to do to do your best it
might not be the best but it's your best
and that's the most important thing look
for my mom's life coaching DVDs out this
fall 2012 in your local Barnes & Noble